feat(workspace): add data source query center availability zones (#7185)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/workspace_center_availability_zones.md

---
subcategory: "Workspace"
layout: "huaweicloud"

> page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_workspace_center_availability_zones"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_workspace_app_availability_zones"
```
Resources or data related to Worpspace App are named `workspace_app_xxx`

description: |-

>   Use this data source to get the list of availability zones supported by HuaweiCloud Workspace service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to get availability zones list of the Workspace APP within HuaweiCloud.
```

---

# huaweicloud_workspace_center_availability_zones

Use this data source to get the list of availability zones supported by HuaweiCloud Workspace service.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_workspace_center_availability_zones" "test" {
    

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "huaweicloud_workspace_app_availability_zones" "test" {}
```

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) The region where the availability zones are located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `region` - The region name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The response body of the interface does not contain the region field.

> * `azs` - List of availability zones. The [azs](#workspace_center_availability_zones_azs) structure is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `azs` - The list of availability zones.  
The [azs](#workspace_center_availability_zones_azs) structure is documented below.
```
